DOC-2114: Document the `pad_empty_with_br` option (#2842)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/configuration/pad_empty_with_br.adoc

[[pad_empty_with_br]]
== `+pad_empty_with_br+`

include::partial$misc/admon-requires-6.6.1v.adoc[]

> By default, {productname} places non-breaking space entities — `+&nbsp;+` — as placeholders inside empty block elements. For example, inside an otherwise empty `+<p></p>+` pair.

Reviewer: To be clear maybe demonstrate how it is converted as well
```suggestion
By default, {productname} places non-breaking space entities — `+&nbsp;+` — as placeholders inside empty block elements. For example,  the empty paragraph is serialized to +<p>&nbsp;</p>+.
```

> The `+pad_empty_with_br+` option enables {productname} to change this default placeholder to a break tag: `+<br>+`.

Reviewer: For example,  the empty paragraph will be serialized to +<p><br></p>+.

> The `+pad_empty_with_br+` option enables {productname} to change this default placeholder to a break tag: `+<br>+`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `+pad_empty_with_br+` option enables {productname} to change this default placeholder to a break tag: `+<br>+`. For example,  the empty paragraph will be serialized to `<p><br></p>`.
```
